Updated documentation for UG and DG for DetailCommand (#181)
AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

The following sequence diagram shows how the un-mark operation works:
![UnMarkSequenceDiagram](images/UnMarkSequenceDiagram.png)

### Detail Feature (implemented by Angel & Kwok Yong)

> The user can view more details of their contact by updating the PersonViewPanel().

Reviewer: Maybe can add what "more details" mean, like phone number, email, note and lastModifiedDateTime

> Based on the index input from the user in the `DetailCommand`, the `Person` object at that index is retrieved and set via the `setDetailedPerson(Person p)` in `Model`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the index input from the user in the `DetailCommand`, the `Person` object at that index is retrieved.  The `detailedPerson` in `AddressBook` is set via the `setDetailedPerson(Person p)` in `Model`.
```

> This person object is updated and fed to the PersonViewPanel after `executeCommand(String commandText)` is executed. Displays "Welcome to Connexion!" if `Person` object is null.

Reviewer: I might update the text with more stuff like "Welcome to Connexion! Please type in detail INDEX to view a contact's detail here. "
But that's for another time.
